Zhao Zhao, your father is here to pick you up
Pack up and come with me
Daddy came an hour early
I like yes
Teacher, where is my father?
Isn't your daddy here?
You are Song Zhaozhao
You know me. I'm your father
Come let daddy take a good look at you
I didn't expect me, Zhao Hongguang, to be in the night show for so many years
Someone else gave birth to such a big son for me
The woman called me today
You startled me
It's just that too many years have passed
I don't even remember which woman he was talking about
Too much experience with this
That's the bad part.
It doesn't fit the child's mother
Don't recognize your relatives
I'm not your son
This
At first I also doubted if you were my son
But you look so good at a young age
Isn't this following my handsome face?
Zhaozhao, you are my son
Hey
You human traffickers are too bold
Come to the kindergarten in broad daylight to abduct children
Zhou Zhou, this is really not your father
Why not?
I am your father
Brat dare not recognize me
Come to me quickly
Come here.
Come here wow
Let go of my child
Mommy, you're finally here.
There's a human trafficker here
Not my dad
Call the police and catch him
This is not your father
Hurry up security
There's a human trafficker here
Release is not a liar
I am Song Zhaozhao's father
I said get out of here
I thank you.
You were the woman that night
I have proof that I am Song Zhaozhao's father